Forwarding preference can't change for a track (#382)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

### Object Message Formats

Every Track has a single 'Object Forwarding Preference' and publishers
MUST NOT mix different forwarding preferences within a single track.

> If a subscriber receives different forward prefernces for a track, it

Reviewer: type on prefernces

> If a subscriber receives different forward prefernces for a track, it

Author: ```suggestion
If a subscriber receives different forwarding preferences for a track, it
```
